## Table of contents
1. About the application
2. About the MVC Pattern
3. Required libraries, packages and modules 
4. The model
5. The View
6. The controller
7. The business logic
8. The database and the report 
9. About the utils 
### 1. About the application
***
The application is a chess tournament management system that aim to play
a chess tournament. The goal is not to play chess but to manage chess matches
in the real life. In other word, the application is not a chess game. The 
application is a system that let the user register the score of players when
a chess match is finished. In the application, we implement the swiss 
tournament system. The swiss tournament system is a system where each player
plays with a player that has the same level as him. Furthermore, two players
should never meet each other twice during a tournament. 

When the application start, we first ask the user to create a tournament by
entering the name of the tournament, the place of the tournament and an 
optional description for this tournament.

Once a tournament is created, we ask the user to enter the firstname and 
lastname of players. The default players number is set to 8. Thus, the user
should register 8 players. The default rank of players is determined by
the order in which the players were created. For the business logic of the
tournament, the default rank play an important role. 

Once players have been created, the application create the first round with
matches. When a chess match is finished, the user register the score of each 
player in the system. In a chess match, the winner get 1 point and the loser
get 0 point. If there is no winner, each player get 0.5 point. When the user
finished registering the score for each chess match the application sort players
by their score(if two players have the same score, then the rank is promoted) 
and create the next round and matches for the next round. For this next round,
the user repeat the process of the first round(registering the score of each
player in each match). After that players are sorted by their score, the third 
round and the third round's matches are created and the user repeat the process again.
The process is repeated until the last round. 

During the progress of the tournament the score of each player is accumulated.
If in a tournament there is 4 rounds and a player win every match, then, at 
the end of the tournament, the player get 4 points. At the end of the last round,
the application perform the final sort of players according their total score.
If two players haves the same total score then the rank of the last round is promoted.
The customer asked us to set the default rounds number to 4. When the last round 
is finished, the rank of each player is updated according the final sort of 
players by their total score. If at the end of the tournament the 8th player
get the higher total score then he become the 1st player and win the tournament.
If at the 3rd round, the 8th player get a higher total score than the 2nd player,
the 8th player become better ranked than the 2nd player. And if at the end of the
tournament the 8th player and the 2nd player get the same total score, the 8th
player will remain better ranked than the 2nd player because the 8th player got 
a higher total score than the 2nd player at the previous round.

When the tournament is finished. The application suggest a report to the user.
If the user want a report, the application will propose some information
to display from a tournament selected by the user. When the user choose which 
information to display from which tournament, the application will display
the information requested by the user and then stop running. Finally, if the
user doesn't want a report, the application will stop running. 
***
### 2. About the MVC Pattern
***
The MVC pattern is a software architecture model that was required for this
project. MVC stand for Model-View-Controller. An application that implement
the MVC pattern is more maintainable and bugs are easier to detect and fix.
On the next chapters of this README file, I will explain in more details 
each Part of the pattern(the model, the view and the controller). 
***
### 3. Required libraries, packages and modules 
*** 
For this project, data generated by the application has to be stored in a
database. The database required by the customer is TinyDB. During the 
development of the application, we found that other Database Management 
System may be more suitable for this project.
***
### 4. The model
***
As introduced earlier, the MVC pattern play a very important role in the 
maintainability of the code and the possibility to detect and fix bugs 
faster. The model is the part of the application that let to instantiate
the different object of the program such as a tournament, players, rounds
or matches. 
***
### 5. The View
